getting_started/macos_apple_silicon.md, before:

# Roc installation guide for Apple silicon systems

## How to install Roc

:warning: We do not yet officially support **MacOS 13**. But, as long as you are **not** using a zig or wasm platform most things should work fine.

In order to develop in Roc, you need to install the Roc CLI,
which includes the Roc compiler and some helpful utilities.

1. Download the latest nightly from the assets [here](https://github.com/roc-lang/roc/releases).

1. To prevent "roc can't be opened because Apple can't check it...":

    ```sh
    xattr -d com.apple.quarantine roc_nightly-macos_apple_silicon-latest.tar.gz
    ```

1. Untar the archive:

    ```sh
    tar xf roc_nightly-macos_apple_silicon-latest.tar.gz
    cd roc_night<TAB TO AUTOCOMPLETE>
    ```

1. Install llvm 13:

    ```sh
    brew install llvm@13
    ```

1. To be able to run the `roc` command anywhere on your system; add the line below to your shell startup script (.profile, .zshrc, ...):

    ```sh
    export PATH=$PATH:~/path/to/roc_nightly-macos_apple_silicon-<VERSION>
    ```

1. Check everything worked by executing `roc version`

## How to install Roc platform dependencies

This step is not necessary if you only want to use the [basic-cli platform](https://github.com/roc-lang/basic-cli), like in the tutorial.
But, if you want to compile Roc apps with other platforms (either in [`examples/`](https://github.com/roc-lang/roc/tree/main/examples) or in your own projects),
you'll need to install one or more of these platform languages too.

1. Install the Rust compiler, for apps with Rust-based platforms:

    ```sh
    curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh
    ```

1. If you'd like to use Zig-based platforms: download [zig 0.9.1](https://ziglang.org/download/0.9.1/zig-macos-aarch64-0.9.1.tar.xz), extract the archive and add `export PATH=$PATH:~/path/to/zig` to your shell startup script (.profile, .zshrc, …). Note: zig 0.9.1 is not available on homebrew.

1. Run examples:

    ```sh
    # Note: If you installed rust in this terminal session, you'll need to open a new one first!
    ./roc examples/platform-switching/rocLovesRust.roc

    ./roc examples/platform-switching/rocLovesZig.roc

    ./roc examples/platform-switching/rocLovesC.roc
    ```

Commit message:

update llvm and zig version in all locations

getting_started/macos_apple_silicon.md, after:

# Roc installation guide for Apple silicon systems

## How to install Roc

:warning: We do not yet officially support **MacOS 13**. But, as long as you are **not** using a zig or wasm platform most things should work fine.

In order to develop in Roc, you need to install the Roc CLI,
which includes the Roc compiler and some helpful utilities.

1. Download the latest nightly from the assets [here](https://github.com/roc-lang/roc/releases).

1. To prevent "roc can't be opened because Apple can't check it...":

    ```sh
    xattr -d com.apple.quarantine roc_nightly-macos_apple_silicon-latest.tar.gz
    ```

1. Untar the archive:

    ```sh
    tar xf roc_nightly-macos_apple_silicon-latest.tar.gz
    cd roc_night<TAB TO AUTOCOMPLETE>
    ```

1. Install llvm 16:

    ```sh
    brew install llvm@16
    ```

1. To be able to run the `roc` command anywhere on your system; add the line below to your shell startup script (.profile, .zshrc, ...):

    ```sh
    export PATH=$PATH:~/path/to/roc_nightly-macos_apple_silicon-<VERSION>
    ```

1. Check everything worked by executing `roc version`

## How to install Roc platform dependencies

This step is not necessary if you only want to use the [basic-cli platform](https://github.com/roc-lang/basic-cli), like in the tutorial.
But, if you want to compile Roc apps with other platforms (either in [`examples/`](https://github.com/roc-lang/roc/tree/main/examples) or in your own projects),
you'll need to install one or more of these platform languages too.

1. Install the Rust compiler, for apps with Rust-based platforms:

    ```sh
    curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh
    ```

1. If you'd like to use Zig-based platforms: download [zig 0.11.0](https://ziglang.org/download/0.11.0/zig-macos-aarch64-0.11.0.tar.xz), extract the archive and add `export PATH=$PATH:~/path/to/zig` to your shell startup script (.profile, .zshrc, …). Note: zig 0.11.0 is currently available on homebrew, but future update may remove it.

1. Run examples:

    ```sh
    # Note: If you installed rust in this terminal session, you'll need to open a new one first!
    ./roc examples/platform-switching/rocLovesRust.roc

    ./roc examples/platform-switching/rocLovesZig.roc

    ./roc examples/platform-switching/rocLovesC.roc
    ```
